ROU-12689: Update version to release 2026v1 Wijmo - Build 5.20261.50 (#502)
OutSystems/outsystems-datagrid-reactive: .github/CONTRIBUTING.md

### Prerequisites

- Node.js 12 or higher (see `engines` in `package.json`)
- Visual Studio Code (recommended)
- Visual Studio Code (recommended) with extensions listed in `.vscode/extensions.json`
- For .NET extension work: Visual Studio with .NET Framework 4.7.2

### Recommended VS Code Extensions

Defined in `.vscode/extensions.json`:

- Prettier (`esbenp.prettier-vscode`)
- Document This (`oouo-diogo-perdigao.docthis`)
- GitBlame (`waderyan.gitblame`)
- ESLint (`dbaeumer.vscode-eslint`)

> 

Reviewer: Why did you remove this?

Author: @rugoncalves this is all auto-generated with Koda

### Test Automation

> Browser-based integration tests live in a separate repository: [outsystems-datagrid-tests](https://github.com/OutSystems/outsystems-datagrid-tests) (WebDriverIO + Cucumber).

Reviewer: This repo is not public, should we list it here?

Author: @rugoncalves This was generated by Koda, but I agree we can remove it

> Browser-based integration tests live in a separate repository: [outsystems-datagrid-tests](https://github.com/OutSystems/outsystems-datagrid-tests) (WebDriverIO + Cucumber).

Author: ```suggestion
Browser-based integration tests live in a separate private repository (WebDriverIO + Cucumber).
```
